Create Elasticsearch disambiguation snippet we can reuse (#4271)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/_snippets/elasticsearch-disambiguation.md

{{es}} is the [open source](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch) search and analytics engine, data store, and vector database which powers the Elastic platform and is fundamental to every Elastic [deployment type](/deploy-manage/deploy.md).

The term "{{es}}" has several additional meanings depending on the context in which it is used:
- {{es}} is the name of a [**project** type](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/create-serverless-project.md) on {{serverless-full}}, tailored for general-purpose search use cases.

> - {{es}} is also the name of a **solution** in other Elastic deployment types. Each [space](/deploy-manage/manage-spaces.md) has its own navigation or **solution view**.

Reviewer: I think framing the navigation in terms of spaces is a little confusing.

wonder if, to support this, we should extract the solution view definitions from the stack procedure [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/deploy-manage/manage-spaces#spaces-managing). I don't think it's critical to indicate that these can be overridden at this stage - we are just trying to indicate that when we say "Elasticsearch" we might be talking about the es solution view

```suggestion
- {{es}} is also the name of a [**solution**](no good link) in other Elastic deployment types. Each solution has its own [solution view](no good link), which controls the navigation and menus that users see in {{kib}}.
```
